docs(plugins/renovate): add link to talk at OSS Europe (#496)
secustor/backstage-plugins: plugins/renovate/README.md

![dependencies-overview.png](docs/screenshots/dependencies-overview.png)

![runner-and-reports.png](docs/screenshots/runner-and-reports.png)

## Demos

> - [Extract Dependency Data on Scale with Renovate - Open Source Summit Europe 2024]https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dWuAn0x-yAk

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Extract Dependency Data on Scale with Renovate - Open Source Summit Europe 2024](https://youtu.be/dWuAn0x-yAk?t=1568)
```
Adding the missing braces and adding a timestamp for the demo :)

Author: Oh good catch + makes sense!
